# Disney Bounding Catalog

**Disney Bounding** is the hobby of dressing up in the same colors as famous Disney characters. This website let's you find focus colors for a character you want to disneybound, and upload images of your own outfits!

## How this was made, and why

This website was made using **AI generation** (Claude Code) by a developer with over 10 years of professional experience and extensive knowledge of security and sustainable software practices.

Some people call this "Vibe Coding". But in my mind I'm still doing "Software Engineering", with the difference being that "Software Engineering" is now more system and interface design and less actual coding.

I could make this website myself. I've already made [tons of things by my own hand](https://auroratide.com/portfolio). So why use AI?

So I can practice using a power drill in the most effective way, and understand both where it excels and falls short. There's a lot of back and forth in the extremes where "AI is firing developers because it's better than them" and "AI messes up the simplest things", so much so it's hard to make sense of what the nuanced truth actually is.

So this website is a direct experiment:

* How hands-off can I be building something I know how to build?
* What does AI do well? What does it flounder on?
* Is AI a junior developer? Senior developer? Something else?

### What I've learned

I'll write more in detail on my website at some point, for you just get my raw thoughts.

Claude Code is very powerful. After using it, I'm convinced a 0-code workflow is possible, even today. I'm not even using the strongest model (Sonnet instead of Opus), and I've written almost no code.

However, we're not ready for a 0-_thought_ workflow, at least not yet. The AI still makes bad system-level decisions (non-accessible interfaces, authentication holes, inconsistent UI). Some concrete examples I ran into:

* When trying to fix an authentication bug, it spun for a while trying to set an http-only cookie on the browser. Which is impossible, you're supposed to do that from the server. Not sure why it got stuck on this.
* Claude was over-eager making the database too permissive on what things it exposes. Specifically, it wanted the ability for the browser to list people's email address, but that's a huge no-no from a security standpoint.
* Advanced UI elements were almost never accessible by default. No tab trapping on modals (it didn't want to use the native dialog element?), no aria controls on advanced collasible elements, forgetting to label inputs, incorrect heading levels, all sorts of issues.
* Claude loves over-mocking unit tests. This tends to make tests brittle and too specific to the implementation details (which generally means it isn't actually testing anything). Once I directed it to a better pattern, though, it was good at reusing that pattern.
* Claude has bad aesthetic sense. I could work around this by providing it screenshots of what I wanted, either generated by Gemini or curated by me in Inkscape, but I found myself tweaking the fine details to get something actually looking "good" (well, good to me, I'm a fake artist tho).

That said, Claude is equally impressive. It can do things that are beyond what I'd expect from a junior developer. Or in other words, in some tasks it was _at least_ equal to a senior developer.

* Given a high-level feature like "Make accounts happen", it created and excuted a 7-step plan. Better, before making the plan, if I didn't give enough details, it would ask for more. In the industry, this would be like refining 3 or so user stories and then implementing them all in about 3 hours.
* AI has broad knowledge of technologies. I didn't know about Pocketbase or Mailpit before starting this project. I simply asked it, "hey what's the simplest database/auth service I can use" or "hey how do we fake emails", and Claude knew what I wanted and set it all up for me in docker the way I would on a real project.
* Claude handled pivots very well. Good codebases adapt easily to a change in requirements; bad codebases resist change, making a change in requirements costly. I won't say that Claude writes "good" code, but it can adapt to changes very quickly simply due to the way it works.

### What this means for me

I love the act of coding. **Writing code is fun to me**. Admittedly, coding isn't art. But sometimes, it _feels_ like art, in the sense that it's a craft I use to express my creativity. So will I continue to code manually? For personal expressions like my [website-story hybrid](https://ematea.city), yeah. That doesn't change.

Though, if I'm being completely honest... the paradigm shift for me is that **"coding" is no longer a marketable skill**. So what is? At least for now, systems-level thinking, requirements extraction, and attention to quality are what are important. To be honest, these were always the things companies were really (supposed to be) hiring for anyways. It's just now, knowing how to _code_ is not necessary (granted, knowing how to _read_ code might still be useful).
